12/02: first settings.
12/02: understanding the connection between pc and switch for obtaining
switch ip address.



12/02.2: Understanding the excercise:

-The network was configured before us.
-It seems the network has problems with connection.
-It seems ip addresses are wrongly formatted. They should have the IP address that
appear under each device.
-What I have to do is to enter each device and corroborates that each IP address is
the same than the number given below.
-Once finished, to make a ping to each other devices (this means 2 pings).
-According to teacher, subnet mask should be always the same: 255.255.255.0 (for the 3
devices).
-If we hover the mouse, then we'll get that info easily. Thats not the idea. The idea
is to access to the switch from a pc.



-Whats interface FastEthernet0?

Data packets layer that works MAC addresses of the devices of the LAN.



-how I ahould connect pc witch switch for obtain switch ip address in cisco packet
tracer

To connect a PC to a switch in Cisco Packet Tracer and obtain the switch IP address, 

Launch Cisco Packet Tracer and create a new simulation.
Add a PC and a switch to the simulation by clicking on the "Add a device" icon and
selecting the appropriate devices from the list.
Connect the PC and the switch using a straight-through cable by clicking on the
"Connect" icon and connecting the two devices.
Configure the IP address on the PC. To do this, right-click on the PC and select
"Configure." In the "PC Configuration" window, navigate to the "PC Network
Configuration" section, select "Ethernet" and enter an IP address, subnet mask, and
default gateway for the PC.
Configure the IP address on the switch. To do this, right-click on the switch and
select "Configure." In the "Switch Configuration" window, navigate to the "Interface 
Configuration" section, select the "VLAN 1" interface and enter an IP address, subnet
mask,and default gateway for the switch.

Save the simulation and test the connectivity between the PC and the switch by
pinging the switch IP address from the PC. To do this, right-click on the PC and
select "Command Prompt." 
Type "ping" followed by the IP address of the switch and press enter. If the ping
is successful, you will receive reply messages indicating that the PC is able to
communicate with the switch.
By following these steps, you should be able to connect a PC to a switch in Cisco 
Packet Tracer and obtain the switch IP address.



#CONFIGURING PC IP

.1.Connect a pc with a switch with a console cable.
.2.IP address PC1: 192.168.0.2. Standar subnet mask.
.3.Click over pc of the left. Click in desktop. CLick in IP´configuration.
I notice the IPV4 address is: 169.254.103.52 (IN DHCP). I suspect i have to change it.
.4.Click over the pc of the right. CLick in IP´configuration.
I notice the IPV4 address is: 169.254.190.199 (IN DHCP). I suspect i have to change it.
.5.#ACCESS THE SWITCH AND ANALIZE SAME FEATURE, FOR NOW.
.6.Tried to ping a pc from another one. Was succesful in DHCP mode.
.7.When we set the static mode, then the IP addresses are like: 111.111... &
222.222.222...


#Conclusion1:
-Both pcs are working wrong. The IP address of each one has to be modified to the
given uder each pc.
-Try to access to the switch from a pc for checking out its configuration.



-whats a fastethernet0 connection between pc and switch in cisco packet tracer?

Fa0 is a type of interface of switches and routers. It mainly depends on the 
networks speed.

There are tpes of inerfaces:

GigabitEthernet(GigE): up to 1 Gbps speed.
Ethernet: up to 10 Mbps speed.
Wireless



whats a fastethernet0 connection between pc and switch in cisco packet tracer?

.A console cable is the proper one. This cable allows communication to the serial
port of the pc. The pc serial are the COM ports.
.This cable allows the access to the switch CLI.